A more abstact abstract (#104)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/Abstract.tex

Topic models are used to discover topics within a set of documents.
In this paper, we investigate whether using a topic model can improve existing \acrlong{ir} methods.
We employ the probabilistic topic model, \acrlong{lda}, to automatically extract topics from Danish news articles.

> We use \acrlong{lda}'s topic distributions to construct an adjacency matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We construct an adjacency matrix based on topic similarity between documents.
```

Author: ```suggestion
To run \acrlong{pr}, we construct an adjacency matrix based on topic similarity between documents.
```

> We generate two types of queries to test a range \acrlong{ir} methods' ability to find documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generate two types of queries to test a range of \acrlong{ir} methods' ability to find documents.
```

We evaluate \acrlong{ir} performance of combinations of \acrlong{lda}, \acrlong{tf-idf}, \acrlong{bm25}, \acrlong{lm}, and \acrlong{pr}.

> Our results show that using \acrlong{pr} on an adjacency matrix can improve performance of most \acrlong{ir} methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our results show that using \acrlong{pr} on this adjacency matrix can improve performance of most \acrlong{ir} methods.
```
